CONTEXT.md, before:

# Project Overview

This project is a Nostr client application built with React 18.x, TailwindCSS 3.x, Vite, shadcn/ui, and Nostrify.

## Technology Stack

- **React 18.x**: Stable version of React with hooks, concurrent rendering, and improved performance
- **TailwindCSS 3.x**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **Vite**: Fast build tool and development server
- **shadcn/ui**: Unstyled, accessible UI components built with Radix UI and Tailwind
- **Nostrify**: Nostr protocol framework for Deno and web
- **React Router**: For client-side routing
- **TanStack Query**: For data fetching, caching, and state management
- **TypeScript**: For type-safe JavaScript development

## Project Structure

- `/src/components/`: UI components including NostrProvider for Nostr integration
- `/src/hooks/`: Custom hooks including `useNostr` and `useNostrQuery`
- `/src/pages/`: Page components used by React Router
- `/src/lib/`: Utility functions and shared logic
- `/public/`: Static assets

## UI Components

The project uses shadcn/ui components located in `@/components/ui`. These are unstyled, accessible components built with Radix UI and styled with Tailwind CSS. Available components include:

- **Accordion**: Vertically collapsing content panels
- **Alert**: Displays important messages to users
- **AlertDialog**: Modal dialog for critical actions requiring confirmation
- **AspectRatio**: Maintains consistent width-to-height ratio
- **Avatar**: User profile pictures with fallback support
- **Badge**: Small status descriptors for UI elements
- **Breadcrumb**: Navigation aid showing current location in hierarchy
- **Button**: Customizable button with multiple variants and sizes
- **Calendar**: Date picker component 
- **Card**: Container with header, content, and footer sections
- **Carousel**: Slideshow for cycling through elements
- **Chart**: Data visualization component
- **Checkbox**: Selectable input element
- **Collapsible**: Toggle for showing/hiding content
- **Command**: Command palette for keyboard-first interfaces
- **ContextMenu**: Right-click menu component
- **Dialog**: Modal window overlay
- **Drawer**: Side-sliding panel
- **DropdownMenu**: Menu that appears from a trigger element
- **Form**: Form validation and submission handling
- **HoverCard**: Card that appears when hovering over an element
- **InputOTP**: One-time password input field
- **Input**: Text input field
- **Label**: Accessible form labels
- **Menubar**: Horizontal menu with dropdowns
- **NavigationMenu**: Accessible navigation component
- **Pagination**: Controls for navigating between pages
- **Popover**: Floating content triggered by a button
- **Progress**: Progress indicator
- **RadioGroup**: Group of radio inputs
- **Resizable**: Resizable panels and interfaces
- **ScrollArea**: Scrollable container with custom scrollbars
- **Select**: Dropdown selection component
- **Separator**: Visual divider between content
- **Sheet**: Side-anchored dialog component
- **Sidebar**: Navigation sidebar component
- **Skeleton**: Loading placeholder
- **Slider**: Input for selecting a value from a range
- **Sonner**: Toast notification manager
- **Switch**: Toggle switch control
- **Table**: Data table with headers and rows
- **Tabs**: Tabbed interface component
- **Textarea**: Multi-line text input
- **Toast**: Toast notification component
- **ToggleGroup**: Group of toggle buttons
- **Toggle**: Two-state button
- **Tooltip**: Informational text that appears on hover

These components follow a consistent pattern using React's `forwardRef` and use the `cn()` utility for class name merging. Many are built on Radix UI primitives for accessibility and customized with Tailwind CSS.

## Nostr Protocol Integration

This project comes with custom hooks for querying and publishing events on the Nostr network.

### The `useNostr` Hook

The `useNostr` hook returns an object containing a `nostr` property, with `.query()` and `.event()` methods for querying and publishing Nostr events respectively.

```typescript
import { useNostr } from '@nostrify/react';

function useCustomHook() {
  const { nostr } = useNostr();

  // ...
}
```

### Query Nostr Data with `useNostr` and Tanstack Query

When querying Nostr, the best practice is to create custom hooks that combine `useNostr` and `useQuery` to get the required data.

```typescript
import { useNostr } from '@nostrify/react';
import { useQuery } from '@tanstack/query';

function usePosts() {
  const { nostr } = useNostr();

  return useQuery({
    queryKey: ['posts'],
    queryFn: async () => {
      const events = await nostr.query([{ kinds: [1], limit: 20 }]);
      return events; // these events could be transformed into another format
    },
  });
}
```

The data may be transformed into a more appropriate format if needed, and multiple calls to `nostr.query()` may be made in a single queryFn.

### The `useNostrPublish` Hook

To publish events, use the `useNostrPublish` hook in this project.

```tsx
import { useState } from 'react';

import { useCurrentUser } from "@/hooks/useCurrentUser";
import { useNostrPublish } from '@/hooks/useNostrPublish';

export function MyComponent() {
  const [ data, setData] = useState<Record<string, string>>({});

  const { user } = useCurrentUser();
  const { mutate: createEvent } = useNostrPublish();

  const handleSubmit = () => {
    createEvent({ kind: 1, content: data.content });
  };

  if (!user) {
    return <span>You must be logged in to use this form.</span>;
  }

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit} disabled={!user}>
      {/* ...some input fields */}
    </form>
  );
}
```

The `useCurrentUser` hook should be used to ensure that the user is logged in before they are able to publish Nostr events.

### Nostr Login

To enable login with Nostr, simply include the `AccountSwitcher` component already included in this project.

```tsx
import { AccountSwitcher } from "@/components/auth/AccountSwitcher";

function MyComponent() {
  return (
    <div>
      {/* other components ... */}

      <AccountSwitcher />
    </div>
  );
}
```

The `AccountSwitcher` component displays a "Log in" button when the user is logged out, and changes to an account switcher once the user is logged in.

## Development Practices

- Uses React Query for data fetching and caching
- Follows shadcn/ui component patterns
- Implements Path Aliases with `@/` prefix for cleaner imports
- Uses Vite for fast development and production builds
- Component-based architecture with React hooks
- Default connection to multiple Nostr relays for network redundancy

## Build & Deployment

- Build for production: `npm run build`
- Development build: `npm run build:dev`

## Testing Your Changes

Whenever you modify code, you should test your changes after you're finished.

To test your changes, run `npm run build`. The task is not considered finished until there are no build errors.

Commit message:

Add npm run ci command

CONTEXT.md, after:

# Project Overview

This project is a Nostr client application built with React 18.x, TailwindCSS 3.x, Vite, shadcn/ui, and Nostrify.

## Technology Stack

- **React 18.x**: Stable version of React with hooks, concurrent rendering, and improved performance
- **TailwindCSS 3.x**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling
- **Vite**: Fast build tool and development server
- **shadcn/ui**: Unstyled, accessible UI components built with Radix UI and Tailwind
- **Nostrify**: Nostr protocol framework for Deno and web
- **React Router**: For client-side routing
- **TanStack Query**: For data fetching, caching, and state management
- **TypeScript**: For type-safe JavaScript development

## Project Structure

- `/src/components/`: UI components including NostrProvider for Nostr integration
- `/src/hooks/`: Custom hooks including `useNostr` and `useNostrQuery`
- `/src/pages/`: Page components used by React Router
- `/src/lib/`: Utility functions and shared logic
- `/public/`: Static assets

## UI Components

The project uses shadcn/ui components located in `@/components/ui`. These are unstyled, accessible components built with Radix UI and styled with Tailwind CSS. Available components include:

- **Accordion**: Vertically collapsing content panels
- **Alert**: Displays important messages to users
- **AlertDialog**: Modal dialog for critical actions requiring confirmation
- **AspectRatio**: Maintains consistent width-to-height ratio
- **Avatar**: User profile pictures with fallback support
- **Badge**: Small status descriptors for UI elements
- **Breadcrumb**: Navigation aid showing current location in hierarchy
- **Button**: Customizable button with multiple variants and sizes
- **Calendar**: Date picker component 
- **Card**: Container with header, content, and footer sections
- **Carousel**: Slideshow for cycling through elements
- **Chart**: Data visualization component
- **Checkbox**: Selectable input element
- **Collapsible**: Toggle for showing/hiding content
- **Command**: Command palette for keyboard-first interfaces
- **ContextMenu**: Right-click menu component
- **Dialog**: Modal window overlay
- **Drawer**: Side-sliding panel
- **DropdownMenu**: Menu that appears from a trigger element
- **Form**: Form validation and submission handling
- **HoverCard**: Card that appears when hovering over an element
- **InputOTP**: One-time password input field
- **Input**: Text input field
- **Label**: Accessible form labels
- **Menubar**: Horizontal menu with dropdowns
- **NavigationMenu**: Accessible navigation component
- **Pagination**: Controls for navigating between pages
- **Popover**: Floating content triggered by a button
- **Progress**: Progress indicator
- **RadioGroup**: Group of radio inputs
- **Resizable**: Resizable panels and interfaces
- **ScrollArea**: Scrollable container with custom scrollbars
- **Select**: Dropdown selection component
- **Separator**: Visual divider between content
- **Sheet**: Side-anchored dialog component
- **Sidebar**: Navigation sidebar component
- **Skeleton**: Loading placeholder
- **Slider**: Input for selecting a value from a range
- **Sonner**: Toast notification manager
- **Switch**: Toggle switch control
- **Table**: Data table with headers and rows
- **Tabs**: Tabbed interface component
- **Textarea**: Multi-line text input
- **Toast**: Toast notification component
- **ToggleGroup**: Group of toggle buttons
- **Toggle**: Two-state button
- **Tooltip**: Informational text that appears on hover

These components follow a consistent pattern using React's `forwardRef` and use the `cn()` utility for class name merging. Many are built on Radix UI primitives for accessibility and customized with Tailwind CSS.

## Nostr Protocol Integration

This project comes with custom hooks for querying and publishing events on the Nostr network.

### The `useNostr` Hook

The `useNostr` hook returns an object containing a `nostr` property, with `.query()` and `.event()` methods for querying and publishing Nostr events respectively.

```typescript
import { useNostr } from '@nostrify/react';

function useCustomHook() {
  const { nostr } = useNostr();

  // ...
}
```

### Query Nostr Data with `useNostr` and Tanstack Query

When querying Nostr, the best practice is to create custom hooks that combine `useNostr` and `useQuery` to get the required data.

```typescript
import { useNostr } from '@nostrify/react';
import { useQuery } from '@tanstack/query';

function usePosts() {
  const { nostr } = useNostr();

  return useQuery({
    queryKey: ['posts'],
    queryFn: async () => {
      const events = await nostr.query([{ kinds: [1], limit: 20 }]);
      return events; // these events could be transformed into another format
    },
  });
}
```

The data may be transformed into a more appropriate format if needed, and multiple calls to `nostr.query()` may be made in a single queryFn.

### The `useNostrPublish` Hook

To publish events, use the `useNostrPublish` hook in this project.

```tsx
import { useState } from 'react';

import { useCurrentUser } from "@/hooks/useCurrentUser";
import { useNostrPublish } from '@/hooks/useNostrPublish';

export function MyComponent() {
  const [ data, setData] = useState<Record<string, string>>({});

  const { user } = useCurrentUser();
  const { mutate: createEvent } = useNostrPublish();

  const handleSubmit = () => {
    createEvent({ kind: 1, content: data.content });
  };

  if (!user) {
    return <span>You must be logged in to use this form.</span>;
  }

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit} disabled={!user}>
      {/* ...some input fields */}
    </form>
  );
}
```

The `useCurrentUser` hook should be used to ensure that the user is logged in before they are able to publish Nostr events.

### Nostr Login

To enable login with Nostr, simply include the `AccountSwitcher` component already included in this project.

```tsx
import { AccountSwitcher } from "@/components/auth/AccountSwitcher";

function MyComponent() {
  return (
    <div>
      {/* other components ... */}

      <AccountSwitcher />
    </div>
  );
}
```

The `AccountSwitcher` component displays a "Log in" button when the user is logged out, and changes to an account switcher once the user is logged in.

## Development Practices

- Uses React Query for data fetching and caching
- Follows shadcn/ui component patterns
- Implements Path Aliases with `@/` prefix for cleaner imports
- Uses Vite for fast development and production builds
- Component-based architecture with React hooks
- Default connection to multiple Nostr relays for network redundancy

## Build & Deployment

- Build for production: `npm run build`
- Development build: `npm run build:dev`

## Testing Your Changes

Whenever you modify code, you should test your changes after you're finished by running:

```bash
npm run ci
```

This command will typecheck the code and attempt to build it.

Your task is not considered finished until this test passes without errors.
